# Monefi

MoneFi is a non-profit financial technology company that aims to serve the marginalized and minority-owned businesses, providing
them with access to investors, financial resources, educational business opportunities, and more.

My main responsibility during this project was to create a File Manager. File Manager is an Admin only page where admins can browse through files that were uploaded by the users. The files can vary from pictures of their profile picture to pdf files that hold documentation . You have here a table that has tabs showing: All, active, and deleted. Admins can search through the file manager by the file name, the file extension type, or even by the names of which user it was created by. The file manager displays the name of the file the user uploaded, a preview of the file, the user who created it, the file type of the file, when the file was created, and options to either download the file or delete the file. Also, if you go to the deleted section, the option changes with there being a recover button. If you click the button, the admin will be able to recover files that were previously deleted. I created the front end part using React, and the back end using .NET/SQL.

My second responsibility during this project was to create a Dropzone File Uploader. This file uploader is a dropzone component that goes in other developer's forms to upload any files into Monefi's AWS Bucket. This AWS bucket stores a unique link that will be stored into Monefi's database. This ensures that the links will work as long as Monefi's AWS bucket is active. I created the front end part using React, and the back end using .NET/SQL.

Lastly, during the course of this project, my third responsibility was to design and implement the Navigation Vertical Bar for the Admin/User/Borrower/Lender dashboard. This integral feature becomes accessible to users upon logging in and clicking on their respective dashboard. The meticulously crafted dashboard encompasses a collection of routed components, expertly developed by our team of skilled developers. It not only ensures a seamless user experience but also facilitates effortless navigation to specific destinations by providing a well-organized interface.
